How Quick Is Your Vision

BACKGROUND
This is a game that was developed for the microbic, drawing inspiration from "Reverse Psychology" in module 8 of grok.
In the game "Reverse Psychology", the user is time to see how long they can resist pressing the button for.
In a similar vein, our game will aim to test the user's capabilities.
However, we will aim to test the user's visual capabilities rather than their will power!

It had long been a source of debate, whether humans could tell the difference between 30 fps and 60 fps, with many people touting that the maximum fps
A human could register is around 25 fps. This game will aim to test that assertion in a simple way.


DESCRIPTION
This is a game that will test how quickly ones eyes can register information. 
The game will begin by displaying the start screen where the microbit will prompt the user to press b to begin while music is playing.
The current temperature will be displayed.
The program will then start from level 1 by counting down from 3.
Once the countdown reaches 0, the game will pause for a number of seconds. 
In this time, a random number between 0 and 9 will be generated by the program.
After a random delay of 2 to 4 seconds, the number will then be displayed onto the screen for a set amount of time before disappearing.
This set amount of time will be determined using the algorithm (500 / 2^level) in milliseconds.
The player will then be prompted to select the correct number that was displayed, pressing the left button to cycle through numbers 0 to 9 and using the right button to confirm their answer.
If the user selects the wrong answer, the game will end and the micro bit will show the user the last duration of which the player successfully selected the right number.
Then the game will reset to the start screen, prompting the user to play again.
However, if the user selects the correct number, the game will progress to the next level.
In the subsequent levels, the duration of time of which the the randomly generated number is displayed on the micro bit get shorter and shorter according to the algorithm mentioned above. 
If the user keeps selecting the right number, the game will continue progressing through higher and higher levels, only stopping when the user finally gets an answer wrong.
Again, once the user selects a wrong answer, the game will end and the user will be shown the display duration of their last successful level.


Credits: Jimmy Chibueze Njoku - s3430249